# WEBSITE FOR TEXT BASED ADVENTURE GAMES - TeeBAG
#### Video Demo:  <URL https://youtu.be/WU8aPwc-Y3M>
#### Description: For my final project in the HarvardX's CS50 course, I made a website where you can play, create and request for original Text Based Adventure Games. The website is called TeeBAG accordingly. So, what is a text based adventure game? It's a type of video game (the types that were out before before the invention of Graphical User Interface) with simple yes no commands or clicks for controls. The point of it is that the game explains the scenery and most of the fun goes on in your imagination. I made this website because my partner loves text based games so I made her one using python and later decided to make it into an entire website. The TeeBAG icon and logo were designed by me. I utilized python, Flask, HTML, CSS (in styles.css), SQL and JavaScript to do this project. Only original ideas and stories are hosted here. I used mainly a teal-blue-green color palette with white and blacks to bring life to the website. When scrolling down to the bottom of the site you can find the official email for the site. app.py contains all the python code needed to make the site run.

#### This website has three main tabs; Home, About and List of Games. Since I only came up with one story for a game the List of Games page only has one and because of this, to make the website have a distinct aesthetic I added features to submit or request new games and also a Creator Login(Website owner) page to see all the requests and submissions. This allowed me to use SQL to carry it out and also make the website look less boring.

### Home
#### The brightly colored home page welcomes you to the site with open arms. I made a layout.html file to include all the basic characterisics like head and foot of the page that would be common to all pages. the index.html file contains html code unique to the home page. It was the first page I worked on. My overfixation on the color teal at the time made me make the design choices I have made. This page has hyperlinks to the About and List of Games pages in addtion to those on the Navigation tab on top.

### About
#### This page, (about.html) explains the purpose of the website in a color palette pleasing to the eye. I had a hard time choosing colors for this page and at the end enlisted the help of my mother. This is also where anyone accessing the site can leave their email for the website creator/owner to get back to them if they want to submit or request new games. A simple form notes down the website users email, name and genre of choice for submission or request and updates the data in the relevant SQL database table. For this I created a database called info.db with two tables called submit and request and added fields accordingly. The idea is for the website creator/owner to login to the creator login page and the emails of people who have submitted or requested games will be displayed there. This way the website creator can get back to them and work with them to create a new game or explain the format required to submit a game. If any of the fields in the form are left unfilled, an error message will pop up. (nope.html) Else yep.html lets you know that your info has been noted.

### List of Games
#### (list.html)The available games are displayed in the form of a horizontal carousel (picked out from the bootstrap website) in this page. If you scroll down you can see the entire list of games, their genres and artists in a neat black and white table. Here again the user is again recommended to submit or request a game in the form of a borderless two collumn table.

### Two Dead Men
#### This is the only game on the site. I came up with the idea for the story for this game as a birthday present for my partner. I simply used the exact same story here but implemented it with JavaScript to be played on the site in the form of a Command Line Interface device. The game pops up in a big black box that almost covers the entire site but not quite. I did not want it toovershadow the bright teal background I used for the site. The file is named tryout.html as that is what i intially named the oroginal python file that contained my partners birthday gift. script.js contains some of the commands utilized to make this page work.

### Creator Login
#### (creator.html) If you scroll down to the bottom of the site you can access the creator login to keep in touch with new idea submissions and requests. After correctly logging in, login.html displays all the data saved in the respective submit and request databases.